[Music]
ten of the most famous magic tricks
revealed sometimes the explanation of
the most dazzling and mysterious magic
trick is right there on the surface
[Music]
we've tried to learn some magicians
secrets and now we have a simple
explanation for the most famous tricks
that have amazed people over the years
we believe sword swallowing is the
scariest and greatest one
number 10 the Statue of Liberty
disappears in 1983 David Copperfield
made the Statue of Liberty disappear
completely we can explain this trick
very easily the statue was draped with a
huge piece of fabric or covered by a big
screen put in front of the audience the
whole illumination of the monument was
turned off except for the spotlights
this simple preparation created the
illusion of hollow space and the set of
lights blinded the audience after the
monument was unveiled people were not
able to see it because their vision was
temporarily blurred by the spotlights
number nine a huge truck disappears how
to make a huge truck disappear when it's
surrounded by the audience on all sides
easy all you need to do is drape a
special construction over the truck
[Music]
create a fake audience with your friends
and ask somebody to drive the truck out
of the construction when you take the
drapes off the truck is not there
anymore have they do that now you
understand why this trick may be seen
only on TV
number eight floating man a man floating
in the middle of the street is neither a
magician nor a yogi the illusion is
accomplished via the placement of a
steel structure under their performers
baggy clothes
of course no secret powers are used here
number seven hand through glass
a magician needs specially cut screens
to move a hand through mirror or glass
the back screen covers two mirror panels
when the performance begins the whole
construction shifts the real mirror to
the backside moving to fake mirror
panels forward now there is a space to
move a hand at the end of the
performance the assistants shift the
real mirror to the front side again
number six dollar bill magic
[Music]
turning $1 into $100 is so easy when you
know the secret a magician folds a $1
bill in a special way and hides it
behind his fingers then he carefully
substitutes it with a $100 bill so that
no one seems this is when the magic of
transformation happens catching number
five walking on water
[Music]
the trick is usually performed in muddy
or unclear rivers or human-made waters
like swimming pools the main goal is to
make a glass or clear plastic platform
essentially invisible to the audience
now you can walk on water without being
the Son of God or you can wait till
January when it freezes over and you can
actually walk on water
number four underwater chain escape
combining physical strength and tricky
fake locks makes this magic happen the
assistants need to loosen the latches
and hinges and the magician needs to get
rid of the locks gain a firm grip had
come up for air number three the signed
card trick the magician asks someone
from the audience to put their signature
on a random car then he tears it into
four pieces and magically restores the
signed card in front of the amazed
audience the secret is quite simple the
illusionist has a folded card in his
pocket and he substitutes the signed
card with it the hidden card is torn and
the signed one is perfectly safe
number two sword swallowing for some
performers learning to swallow a sword
can take years as it is an extremely
dangerous practice however fakers from
all over the world amaze people with the
ability to swallow a sword easily the
trick requires lots of physical and
psychological preparation the
illusionist positions is head up so that
his throat and stomach make a straight
line and will not be hurt by the sword
now I know many of you will find that
hard to swallow but it's true
number one split man trek the cut in
half illusion only works when you watch
the performer from the front from the
side you can see that from the knee to
the waist it's a plastic mannequin begi
clothes and body posture create the
perfect illusion of a man holding his
legs so which magic tricks are your
favorite do you know any tricks that no
one has revealed yet share them in the
comments
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video and share this video
with those who love mysterious trips
join the Brightside click Subscribe